AP50 | motion=   all = 0.0032
Category AP:
airplane        : nan
antelope        : nan
bear            : nan
bicycle         : nan
bird            : nan
bus             : nan
car             : nan
cattle          : nan
dog             : nan
domestic_cat    : nan
elephant        : nan
fox             : nan
giant_panda     : nan
hamster         : nan
horse           : 0.0032
lion            : nan
lizard          : nan
monkey          : nan
motorcycle      : nan
rabbit          : nan
red_panda       : nan
sheep           : nan
snake           : nan
squirrel        : nan
tiger           : nan
train           : nan
turtle          : nan
watercraft      : nan
whale           : nan
zebra           : nan
Mean CorLoc: 0.0000
Category CorLoc:
horse           : 0.0000
